hi to all friends and welcome again
once in the dario house today for
see together how to do a beautiful
cotechino with lentils then for
this recipe I'm using 250
grams of red lentils I have
He rinsed first issued to a school
pair of celery sticks 100 grams each
carrot of 100 grams 300 g of tomatoes
that is a cotechino deprived of skin
precooked by half a kilo 150 grams of
onion 30 grams of butter also a couple
of sausages however perosino salt pepper
and oil
let's proceed first let's make a
chopped with onion and celery here
made chili I cut it in half
we put it inside
put the butter a little goccino of oil
let's light the fire and put some book
meanwhile we cover with cooper means
we cut the carrot we add to and
we also put these two sausages that
I cut we cover with cooler means e
let it fry for a minute or two
at this point we add the lentils
tomato let's say a turn and for these
250 grams of lentils I go to
add a liter of water
we cover with magic cooker we leave the
high flame for water to take the
Boil let cook for 15 minutes
then the first 15 minutes of cooking are
passed to this point we can discover
and salt the lentils because they steal
salt a little pepper first and now
let's add the cotechino
inside we cover again with
magic cooker and let's cook again
for six minutes
ok yet a check we know the salt
we find a small round we turn a
little its decline
we cover again and finish the last ones
four minutes of perfect cooking there
we are
I can switch off the pot
flame let rest for at least one
couple of minutes very well very well
then we discover perfume or do one
what could we raise?
we cut and here is our ready
traditional cotechino with lentils
cooked in a short time with ours
magic cooker thanks to everyone for having me
See you next time at the next recipe
and best wishes from me and all the staff
of the magic cooker